Update getting_started.md (#1502)
pytorch/serve: docs/getting_started.md

### Inspect the logs
All the logs you've seen as output to stdout related to model registration, management, inference are recorded in the `/logs` folder.

> High level performance data like Throughput or Percentile Precision can be generated with [Benchmark](../benchmarks/README.md) and visualized in a report.

Reviewer: Actually it's best to have an absolute link here 
```suggestion
High level performance data like Throughput or Percentile Precision can be generated with [Benchmark](https://github.com/pytorch/serve/tree/master/benchmarks) and visualized in a report.
```
